The bot is designed to farm frog scepters while maximizing the following titles:
- Asura
- Deldrimor
- Wisdom
- Lucky
- Unlucky
- Treasure Hunter

You: 
	Rit (S0S)		OACiIykMdNlLWO5D2JWNxMNACA  (replace "fight" with "fight_rit on row 696)
	Other Professions (SoS)	OACjAyiM5QXT5ilTMTRbVT+gDgA (this is a rit bar but can be used it on any prof)
Heroes:
	Nec (Pod)		OAljYkHsZOP1qqdQoZJKD14dMA
	Nec (MM)		OAljUwGopSyBVVUBHVKgbh1Y7YA		
	Nec (BiP Healer)	OAhjQoGYIP3hq6QbcOMncSThHA
	Mesmer (Panic)		OQhkAgBqAHKDNY6lDMdDh88K4iB
	Mesmer (Ineptitude)	OQhjAYBc4SvAkA5ZIgDTSTTOXMA
	Mesmer 3 (E-Surge)	OQhkAkBpAHO0Jw0TOgpzQQeGC4FA
	Rit (ST)		OACjAyhDJPYTrX48xBNtmOzkLA		

	
Time Run: 35-40 minutes in HM depending on spawns, chests, etc.

Instructions:
-Download and extract Froggy.zip
-Clean out bags 1, 2, 3 and 4 of any gold weapons with req >9 that you want to keep (see below for "auto-sell"); you can change the number of bags to be used on row 203 of the script (Global $UseBags = 4)
-Log on to any char.
-Double click on Froggy_Bot.au3

Note: 
- The bot uses a generic fight function that can accept bars from different professions; If you are using the SoS ritualist bar above, I recommend using the Fight_Rit function instead, as it will perform better.
- The bot will pick up gold items, diamond/onyx, black dye, lockpicks, scrolls and tomes
- When "Scrolls" is ticked, the bot will attempt to use scroll in decreasing order of XP gain granted
- When "Stones" is ticked, the bot will attempt to use a summoning stone in the following order of priority:
	1. Legionnaire Summoning Crystal
	2. Zaischen Summoning Stone
	3. Automaton Summoning Stone
	4. Chitinous Summoning Stone
	5. Amber Summoning Stone
	6. Artic Summoning Stone
	7. Demonic Stone
	8. Geletinous Summoning Stone
	9. Fossilized Summoning Stone
	10. Jadeite Summoning Stone
	11. Mischievous Summoning Stone
	12. Frosty Summoning Stone
	13. Ghastly Summoning Stone
	14. Celestial Summoning Stone
	15. Mystical Summoning Stone
	16. Mysterious Summoning Stone
	17. Shining Blade Summoning Stone
	18. Imperial Guard Summoning Stone
	19. Tengu Summoning Stone
	20. Merchant Summoning Stone
- Open Chests - The bot will open every chest it finds; it will not buy new lockpicks
- Store Golds - The bot will attempt to store Gold items before any selling occurs
- Auto-Sell - The bot will:
	1. identify all items in the inventory on the spot
	2. When fewer than 8 slots remain in the allowed bags, identify and sell at the start of the next run
	
	Note: the bot will not auto-sell the following items (even if in the allowed bags):
		1. Gold items with req 9
		2. Froggies with req 12 or less
		2. Dies and Lockpicks
		3. ID and Salvage Kits
		4. Stackable items (materials, consumables, stones, tomes)
		5. Weapon mods you have salvaged (edit which on row 

	3. The bot will salvage expensive runes and inscriptions before selling, as follows:
		Superior Runes: 
		Fast Casting, Domination Magic, Channeling Magic, 
		Communing, Earth Prayers, Death, Vigor
		Other: Major Vigor, Clarity, Restoration, Vitae
		
		Insignas: 
		Survivor, Radiant, Blessed Insignia, Sentinel's [Warrior],
		Bloodstained [Necromancer], Prodigy's [Mesmer], Nightstalker's [Assassin], 
		Shaman's [Ritualist], Windwalker [Dervish], Centurion's [Paragon]


